Publicize: Improve primary form component. (#21090)
Automattic/jetpack: projects/plugins/jetpack/extensions/plugins/publicize/hooks/use-social-media-connections/Readme.md

# useSocialMediaConnections hook

> React hook to deal with the social media connections actions.
> You'd like to use together with the [useSelectSocialMedia](../use-select-social-media) selector hook.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
React hook to deal with the social media connections actions.
This hook should be used together with the [useSelectSocialMedia](../use-select-social-media) selector hook.
```
These 2 sentences are a little confusing to me. Do you mean "This hook should be used together with"?

## API 

> This hooks returns an array with useful helpers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This hook returns an array with useful helpers.
```

### toggleEnableState( <id> )

Enable/disable the state of the social media connection, according to the given connection ID.

```es6
import useSocialMediaConnections from './hooks/use-social-media-connection';

function ToggleConnectionControl() {
	const { toggleEnableState } = useSocialMediaConnections();
	const id = 'my-connection-id';

	return (
		<Button onClick={ toggleEnableState( id ) }>
			Enable/Disable social media connection
		</Button>
	);
}
```

### updateMessage( <message> )

> Helpder function to update the message to share in the social media.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Helper function to update the message to share in the social media.
```
